I want you all to be alert I am
concerned about Madison st. Nicholas
school academically I was not inviting a
guessing game sister Raymond what's this
mr. Conroy I have no sister
they're only uniformly terrified of you
that's how it works
boy come up here dragon is hungry it's
new time sister the church needs to
change the point being we should be
friendlier father Flynn he called Donald
Miller to the rectory
so it's happened we are going to have to
stop him ourselves
what happened in the rectory happened
nothing happened I had a talk with a boy
what about probably matter he's 12 years
old what could be private you haven't
the slightest proof of anything but I
have my certainty I can fight you you
will lose well you gotta know something
like that for sure when you don't you
come to your school kids don't like them
one man is good to him this priest you
just don't like him you are letting that
convince you of something terrible what
are that you blew out my life doubt can
be a bond as powerful as certainty
you